Add docs for cakephp/cakephp#15371 (#6964)
cakephp/docs: en/appendices/4-3-migration-guide.rst

Database
========

> - Database mapping types can now implement
>   ``Cake\Database\Type\ColumnSchemaAwareInterface`` to define the column type
>   used in schema and also handle schema reflection to the type name. This
>   enables custom types to participate in schema reflection and schema
>   generation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Database mapping types can now implement
  ``Cake\Database\Type\ColumnSchemaAwareInterface`` to specify 
  column sql generation and column schema reflection. This allows
  custom types handle non-standard columns.
```
